okay This is what I want the webpage to be like the name of the service is shadowme I want there to be a front page where users are able to login in or sign up if they are a normal user they sign up with there email and   create a password. Form here the users are then asked a series of question on what careers we can show them so question like there interests, what they would like thing in that sort of nature. Once user then finish the questions there information is saved and then our services shows them the most likely jobs that they would be interested in at the front page. User are always able to change there answer to these questions on there profile setting. The homepage of the webservice shadowme will be a Airbnb like style front page where user are able to see images of jobs with interesting short titles of the job User will also have a filter option on the left side of the page where they are able to add filter such as most popular, new, and recommend, on the left side they will also have options to filter by location and range of where they live, what industry it jobs are offered in. Once a user sees a job they are interested in they can click on the image and tiles card of the job offering to get more information here it will show them more information about the job and what opportunity's they have such as what skills they will learn and certain certifications offering. User will then be able to scroll down on the description to the bottom where they will be able to save this job or apply if they save the job it saves there job on  save tab where they are able to see what jobs they have save for a later time. if they apply they will then have to fill out some forms, and apply there application. User can see These jobs they applied to on applied tab on the webpage as well. Form the back end I want the ability for me to be able to add and remove certain jobs and add information that user can see such as if I need to put new jobs or take off old ones. I also want to be able to see the user information when they applied to job. I want this webpage to be live so other people can see and use it 